Http requests documentation (#430)
dfinity/portal: docs/developer-docs/functionality/http_requests/http_requests-how-it-works.md

# Technology Overview -- How Canister HTTP Requests Work

> We next give some more details on how canister HTTP requests work and important aspects to consider when using the API. We already want to note here that there are some limitations compared to regular (Web 2.0) computer programs making HTTP outcalls and considerations for programmers for successfully using this feature. Engineers who intend to use this feature are advised to read through this documentation to get up to speed quickly w.r.t. the feature.

Reviewer: `We next give...` is a weird way to start a page.

`read through this documentation` feels weird. Maybe 'the entire section of the documentation' or 'this page' flows better?

Author: Resolved.

## Technology

> The feature allows canisters to make outgoing HTTP calls to conventional Web 2.0 HTTP servers. The response of the request can be safely used in computations, without the risk of state divergence between the replicas of the subnet. This is crucial, as it has required us to overcome some challenges which have so far prevented blockchains from implementing something like this feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The HTTP requests feature allows canisters to make outgoing HTTP calls to conventional Web 2.0 HTTP servers. The response of the request can be safely used in computations, without the risk of state divergence between the replicas of the subnet.
```
(I'm being flippant here) Noone cares about the challenges _we_ had to go through, and the last sentence is pure fluff. People at most care about what problems are solved by the implementation, and actually care about how they have to work around/with implementation details.

> We realize HTTP requests by each replica pushing an (optionally-transformed) instance of the received HTTP response from the external Web server through the Internet Computer's consensus, so that the replicas of the subnet can agree on the response provided to the canister, based on all server responses received by the replicas. The optional transformation ensures that, if responses received on different replicas from the server are different in some parts, those differences are removed and the same transformed responses are provided to consensus on every (honest) replica. This guarantees that on every replica the exact same, or no, response is used for canister execution, thereby ensuring that divergence does not happen when using this feature and the replicated state machine properties of the subnet are preserved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To perform an HTTP request, each replica pushes an (optionally-transformed) instance of the received HTTP response from the external Web server through the Internet Computer's consensus, so that the replicas of the subnet can agree on the response provided to the canister, based on all server responses received by the replicas. The optional transformation ensures that, if responses received on different replicas from the server are different in some parts, those differences are removed and the same transformed responses are provided to consensus on every (honest) replica. This guarantees that on every replica the exact same response (or none at all) is used for canister execution, thereby ensuring that divergence does not happen when using this feature and the replicated state machine properties of the subnet are preserved.
```

> We realize HTTP requests by each replica pushing an (optionally-transformed) instance of the received HTTP response from the external Web server through the Internet Computer's consensus, so that the replicas of the subnet can agree on the response provided to the canister, based on all server responses received by the replicas. The optional transformation ensures that, if responses received on different replicas from the server are different in some parts, those differences are removed and the same transformed responses are provided to consensus on every (honest) replica. This guarantees that on every replica the exact same, or no, response is used for canister execution, thereby ensuring that divergence does not happen when using this feature and the replicated state machine properties of the subnet are preserved.

Reviewer: This paragraph is very hard to understand without a lot of extra material on other pages. Starting the description with `pushing an (optionally-transformed) instance of the received HTTP response from the external Web server through the Internet Computer's consensus` is really rough and it would probably be better by explaining from the beginning how a HTTP request really happens.

Author: Changed ordering of text blocks and updated text as you suggested elsewhere.

> To summarize, by running the responses received by the replicas through consensus, we ensure that every replica provides the same response to the smart contract Wasm execution environment, and the optional transformation function makes sure that the response can make it through consensus by removing differences.

Reviewer: Fine summary, but the above paragraphs already feel like summaries with the level of detail/compression they contain.

Figure goes here

> The canister HTTP requests feature is implemented as part of the replica and is exposed as an API on the management canister. We next outline how a request is processed by the system. The HTTP request functionality is realized at the level of subnets, i.e., each subnet handles canister HTTP requests of its canisters independently of other subnets.

Reviewer: This is what I expected to read at the top. Put the summary below this detailed walkthrough

> * A canister makes an HTTP outcall request with the management canister API `http_request`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A canister makes an outgoing HTTP request by calling the management canister API using the function `http_request`.
```
`outcall` somehow sounds weird.

* The adapter on each replica executes the HTTP request by sending it to the target server.
* The HTTP response from the server is received by the adapter on each replica of the subnet. The adapter limits the response size to `max_response_bytes` which defaults to $2$ MB and can be set to lower values. It is important to set this as low as reasonably possible for the expected response as it affects the price of the request.
* An optional transformation function implemented as part of the canister is invoked on the response on each replica to transform it.
* The transformed response is handed over to consensus on each replica.
* Consensus agrees on a response if at least $2/3$ of the replicas have the same response for the request as input. In this case, consensus provides this response back to the management canister API at the execution layer, or an error if no consensus can be reached or in case of other problems.

> * The execution layer provides the response or error back to the calling canister.

Reviewer: both bullet points talk about returning the result, feels al lot like duplication. Also, `consensus provides this response back to the management canister API at the execution layer` is _really_ hard to understand, especially to an outsider

> As we can see, the transformation function and IC consensus play a crucial role here: The transformation function ensures that differences in the responses received by the replicas are removed and transformed responses on different replicas will be exactly the same. thus enabling consensus to provide the agreed-upon response to the calling canister.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As we can see, the transformation function and IC consensus play a crucial role here: The transformation function ensures that differences in the responses received by the replicas are removed and transformed responses on different replicas will be exactly the same, thus enabling consensus to provide the agreed-upon response to the calling canister.
```

> As we can see, the transformation function and IC consensus play a crucial role here: The transformation function ensures that differences in the responses received by the replicas are removed and transformed responses on different replicas will be exactly the same. thus enabling consensus to provide the agreed-upon response to the calling canister.

Reviewer: Might be worth providing an example for this. To write `As we can see...` it feels a bit too non-obvious without some additional explanations.

Author: Maybe fixed later

The trust model for canister HTTP outcalls is a combination of the trust model of the called HTTP server and the IC:
* It is assumed that the HTTP service is honest, otherwise, it can provide any responses to any of the calling replicas of the subnet. This is the case also for calls to the service from a Web 2.0 service or an oracle, thus, the situation is the same as in our scenario of a blockchain making the call to the service.
* The trust model of the IC assumes that at least $2/3$ of the replicas are honest. In this case, the honest replicas will obtain the same response (after optional transformation) and consensus will be able to agree on the response so that the response can be provided back to the calling canister.
A dishonest server can easily make requests fail or provide wrong data. Also, $1/3$ or more of dishonest subnet replicas can make requests fail. For providing wrong data, more than $2/3$ of the replicas need to be compromised.

> The programming model of this feature is such that the canister making an HTTP outcall acts as *HTTP client*, i.e., needs to, in the general case, interpret various headers and act accordingly. For use cases such as API requests this is rather straightforward and does not require many specific considerations in the standard case. The IC protocol stack can conceptually be simply seen as a communication pipe between the canister and the conventional HTTP server that makes sure that the HTTP response makes it through consensus and all honest replicas receive the exact same response in execution, i.e., the calling canister receives an agreed-upon response.

Reviewer: talking about `outcall` again. Google doesn't know this term almost at all.

Author: HTTPS outcalls is the terminology used in our Wiki page on the topic.

## Comparison with Oracles

Blockchain oracles, or just oracles, are external parties that interact with the blockchain by making queries or sending ingress messages, just like any user. They have so far been the main means in the blockchain world of letting smart contracts communicate with traditional Web 2.0 servers.

> The basic architecture is that an oracle smart contract is deployed on chain. Users make requests to this oracle contract which stores them. An oracle, i.e., Web 2.0 server, obtains the stored request from the oracle smart contract through normal interaction with it using queries and update calls. Then the oracle executes the request in the Web 2.0 world by menans of a regular HTTP call and provides back the response to the oracle smart contract, again using the normal interaction paradigm with the blockchain (update call). Then the oracle smart contract provides back the response to the calling smart contract using a standard on-chain interaction, which concludes a brief introduction to how blockchain oracles work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The basic architecture is that an oracle smart contract is deployed on chain. Users make requests to this oracle contract which stores them. An oracle, i.e., Web 2.0 server, obtains the stored request from the oracle smart contract through normal interaction with it using queries and update calls. Then the oracle executes the request in the Web 2.0 world by menans of a regular HTTP call and provides back the response to the oracle smart contract, again using the normal interaction paradigm with the blockchain (update call). Then the oracle smart contract provides back the response to the calling smart contract using a standard on-chain interaction.
```

In the oracle architecture, a single oracle may fulfill the original request, or a decentralized network of oracles may each issue the request and then provide an agreed-upon response (including evidence) to the oracle contract and ultimately to the calling canister. As we can see, the oracle world effectively can achieve the same result as HTTP outcalls, but with a more complex architecture of requiring one or more external parties that want to be paid for their services. Thus, one can assume that HTTP outcalls can replace oracles for many relevant use cases, and do so in a stronger trust model and with lower fees and lower request execution latency.

> Oracle services like ChainLink may provide additional functionality or services. One prominent example is using multiple data sources for a given information item, e.g., an asset price, and then providing a normalized response, e.g., the median price, as a result. Another example is keeping a selection of historic prices that have been retrieved available on chain for direct access by smart contracts without any oracle interaction. Both those functionalities can be built with the canister HTTP outcalls feature and do not require oracles.

Reviewer: Is it a good idea to mention a specific provider by name?

Author: Maybe not, removed it.

> Overall, the canister HTTP outcalls feature allows us to achieve what oracles or oracle networks achieve, but in a stronger model without requiring additional parties that are additional points of failure and want to earn fees for their services. With the canister HTTP requests feature, interactions with Web 2.0 servers will benefit from reduced fees and also lower latency due to the simpler architecture.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Overall, the canister HTTP outcalls feature allows us to achieve what oracles or oracle networks do, but in a stronger model without requiring additional parties that are additional points of failure and want to earn fees for their services. With the canister HTTP requests feature, interactions with Web 2.0 server benefit from reduced fees and also lower latency due to the simpler architecture.
```

### Benefits for Developers

> For developers the canister HTTP requests feature has the benefit that they do not need to make a decision on which party (oracle) they want to trust in addition to the IC that they already need to trust anyway. They don't need to decide on whether they want to use a single oracle or multiple oracles to reduce trust assumptions and get better decentralization, but rather they get this out of the box with HTTP outcalls. The cost of the HTTP outcall is likely much lower than paying an established oracle provider for their services and the associated ingress cost, thus we have a clear economic advantage to use HTTP calls. Freed from making all those non-trivial trust decisions, a developer can focus on their business logic and simply make the HTTP call they need (and write a corresponding transform function), which is more natural.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For developers, the canister HTTP requests feature has the benefit that they do not need to make a decision on which party (oracle) they want to trust in addition to the IC that they already need to trust anyway. They don't need to decide on whether they want to use a single oracle or multiple oracles to reduce trust assumptions and get better decentralization, but rather they get this out of the box with HTTP outcalls. The cost of the HTTP outcall is likely much lower than paying an established oracle provider for their services and the associated ingress cost, thus we have a clear economic advantage to use HTTP calls. Freed from making all those non-trivial trust decisions, a developer can focus on their business logic and simply make the HTTP call they need (and write a corresponding transform function), which is more natural.
```

### Benefits for End Users

End users can benefit from HTTP outcalls in various ways as well.
* *Stronger trust model:* They get stronger security by not relying on any additional parties which resemble further points of failure and thereby benefit from better decentralization. The decentralization we get using HTTP outcalls is the best we can achieve as it only involves the subnet replicas and the external service to be called, but no third parties such as oracle services.
* *Lower fees:* Users typically get a cheaper service as oracle middlemen are cut out in the calculation.

> * *Lower latency:* The latency of direct HTTP calls is lower than making an (Xnet) request to an oracle contract that then gets polled and serviced by an external oracle service, which materializes in a better user experience when interacting with the canister. This is more pronounced for Xnet requests, which are required unless the oracle provider sets up an oracle smart contract on evert relevant subnet, which would somwehat contradict the subnet architecture principle of the IC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Lower latency:* The latency of direct HTTP calls is lower than making an (Xnet) request to an oracle contract that then gets polled and serviced by an external oracle service, which materializes in a better user experience when interacting with the canister. This is more pronounced for Xnet requests, which are required unless the oracle provider sets up an oracle smart contract on every relevant subnet, which would somewhat contradict the subnet architecture principle of the IC.
```

## Known Limitations

The current MVP has some limitations that we need to make explicit s.t. engineers know what they can expect from the feature and whether they can apply it for a given use case. Some of those limitations may be addressed with future extensions of the feature.

### Responses Must be &ldquo;Similar&rdquo;

Responses the replicas of the subnet receive must be &ldquo;similar&rdquo; in the sense that each response can be subjected to the same transformation function and the outcome of the transformation will be equal on every replica. Thus, &ldquo;similar&rdquo; in this context means that some core information we are interested in is equal in all responses and other parts may differ, but are not relevant for the response. A common setting in the world of HTTP APIs is that the responses are structurally equivalent, but contain certain fields that differ in the responses, e.g., because of timestamps and identifiers contained in the responses.

### POST Requests Must be Idempotent

> The way the feature is implemented implies that every HTTP request must be made by every replica of the subnet. This not only applies to `GET`, but also to `POST`, requests and for the latter creates a challenge that we do not have for `GET` requests: A `GET`, if implemented properly, i.e., according to basic HTTP principles, is idempotent, i.e., if made multiple times, yields the same result and does not change anything, but this does not apply to `POST`. I.e., without further precautions, a `POST` made from a canister could result in the request leading to an update on the called server $n$ times, with $n$ the number of replicas in the subnet. This behaviour is clearly not intended, nor would it be acceptable in most scenarios.

Reviewer: `i.e.` occurs a bit often here

One example of securing the write integration between the Internet Computer and Web 2.0 servers is to sign `POST` requests with a subnet signature using chain key cryptography and to have the server check the signature. Such approach requires adaptation of the server, but can resolve the remaining security problems of dishonest replicas making arbitrary requests.

As we have seen, completely removing the impact that dishonest replicas can have on `POST` calls may require support by the HTTP 2.0 service. With such support, seamless and secure interoperability between Web 3.0 and Web 2.0 can be achieved.

### IPv6-Only Support

> Currently, as the IC itself is an IPv6-only system, the canister HTTP outcalls feature is, in analogy, an IPv6-only feature. IPv4 support may be added in the future depending on demand from the community. The main reason for not supporting IPv4 now is that we do not have sufficiently many IPv4 addresses such that every replica of the IC could get its own IPv4 address and thus we would need to either route traffic over boundary nodes or use other mechanisms to allow for IPv4 communications. Any of those approaches leads to a reduced decentralization and thus a weaker trust model compared to replicas directly communicating with the Web 2.0 server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, as the IC itself is an IPv6-only system, the canister HTTP outcalls feature is therefore an IPv6-only feature. IPv4 support may be added in the future depending on demand from the community. The main reason for not supporting IPv4 now is that we do not have sufficiently many IPv4 addresses such that every replica of the IC could get its own IPv4 address and thus we would need to either route traffic over boundary nodes or use other mechanisms to allow for IPv4 communications. Any of those approaches leads to a reduced decentralization and thus a weaker trust model compared to replicas directly communicating with the Web 2.0 server.
```

### Rate Limiting by Servers

Most Web servers offering services to the general public implement some sort of rate limiting. Rate limiting means to constrain how many requests can be made from an IPv4 address or IPv6 prefix in a given time interval. Once the quota for an address of prefix is used up, requests from this IP or prefix would not be served, but an according error response would be served instead.

The problem is that all canisters on a subnet share the IPv6 prefixes of the replicas of this subnet and thus the quota at each server that implements rate limiting. Typical quotas of HTTP services for public (unauthenticated) users are in the order of $10$ requests per second. As every replica makes the same request, we have an amplification factor of $n$, where $n$ is the number of replicas in the subnet. Thus, the quotas can get consumed quickly and rate limits may lead to throttling or the replicas being (temporarily) blocked.

> Using a registered user and authorizing the requests with an API key can decouple users on the same server and give each of them their own quota, thereby solving the issue with public APIs. Note, however, that the API key is stored in every replica and may be exposed in case a replica is compromised. This needs to be considered in the security model of the smart contract and is specifically relevant for `POST` operations. See the discussion on compromised replicas for further information.

Reviewer: can you link to these discussions?

We do currently not implement any rate limiting in the IC protocol stack as we think the use of registered users may resolve many if not most or all of the issues with rate limiting of public APIs and all canisters sharing the service's quota.

## Future Extensions

As mentioned already further above, there are multiple possible extensions we are considering to implement in the future, based on demand in the community. The current MVP does not include them as it allows us to go to market faster because of the reduced feature set.
* *IPv4 support:* IPv4 support would help canisters reach servers that are not available on IPv6, but IPv4 only.
* *Reduced quorum:* A canister can define that a reduced quorum should be used for a request, e.g., only $1$ replica of the subnet making the request instead of all $n$ replicas. This trivially helps resolve the idempotency problem with `POST` requests. It may also be interesting for making reads where trust does not matter, but where we want to reduce the request amplification instead, e.g., because of quotas the server has in place.

> ## Implementing Canister HTTP Requests

Reviewer: 'Implementing' sounds a lot like making changes to the replica. Maybe 'Performing a Canister HTTP Request' or something along the lines of 'Coding Canister HTTP Requests' would fit better?

* Implement a *transformation function* that transforms responses such that they are equal on each replica based on the observed diff of the responses or the intended response.
* Determine the maximum response size of the server's response for this type of request to populate the `max_response_bytes` parameter with it. This often works well for API calls and is important to not overcharge the requesting canister in terms of cycles. The `HEAD` request type can be used to do this if responses change dynamically in response size considerably.
* Implement the request and try it out in the local SDK environment. However, note that the behaviour of the local environment does not reflect that of the IC as there is only one replica in the local environment and $n$, e.g., $n=13$, replicas on an IC subnet.

:::note
**Pro tip:** Do not forget to consider response headers when identifying the variable parts of your response because headers sometimes contain variable items such as timestamps which may prevent the responses to go through consensus.
:::

### Debugging

> Developers new to the feature are likely to run into certain problems in the beginning. We list the ones we think are the most prominent ones. Note specifically that if a specific type of canister HTTP request works in the local dfx environment, it may still not work on the IC because the local environment runs $1$ replica, whereas the IC runs $n=13$ replicas on the regular application subnets. Problems here are to be expected when developing such calls, particularly when a developer has not yet gained the necessary experience of working with the feature. Note that this difference between the dfx environment and a deployment on the IC is not going to change any time soon as it results from the way the dfx environment works: It runs a single replica locally, with all the pros and cons during the engineering process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Developers new to the feature are likely to run into certain problems in the beginning. We list the ones we think are the most prominent ones. Note that if a specific type of canister HTTP request works in the local dfx environment, it may still not work on the IC because the local environment runs $1$ replica, whereas the IC runs $n=13$ replicas on the regular application subnets. Problems here are to be expected when developing such calls, particularly when a developer has not yet gained the necessary experience of working with the feature. Note that this difference between the dfx environment and a deployment on the IC is not going to change any time soon as it results from the way the dfx environment works: It runs a single replica locally, with all the pros and cons during the engineering process.
```

> Developers new to the feature are likely to run into certain problems in the beginning. We list the ones we think are the most prominent ones. Note specifically that if a specific type of canister HTTP request works in the local dfx environment, it may still not work on the IC because the local environment runs $1$ replica, whereas the IC runs $n=13$ replicas on the regular application subnets. Problems here are to be expected when developing such calls, particularly when a developer has not yet gained the necessary experience of working with the feature. Note that this difference between the dfx environment and a deployment on the IC is not going to change any time soon as it results from the way the dfx environment works: It runs a single replica locally, with all the pros and cons during the engineering process.

Reviewer: Repetitive use of `Note that...`

> * *Not reaching consensus on responses for a given request:* If the requests returned by the service are "similar" as required by the feature, this is most likely caused by an error in the transformation function, i.e., the transformed responses are still not equal on sufficiently many honest replicas. This is best debugged by diffing multiple requests made to the service and ensuring the transformation function does not retain any of the variable parts in the transformation result.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Not reaching consensus on responses for a given request:* If the requests returned by the service are not "similar" as required by the feature, this is most likely caused by an error in the transformation function, i.e., the transformed responses are still not equal on sufficiently many honest replicas. This is best debugged by diffing multiple requests made to the service and ensuring the transformation function does not retain any of the variable parts in the transformation result.
```

* The transformation function is easier to implement, e.g., through a simple or few Json operations on the response body.

### Pricing

FIX: update with the new pricing model which is likely substantially cheaper

As (almost) every feature of the IC, the canister HTTP request feature is charged for when being used. The current pricing is defined to charge a base fee of $400$M cycles for an HTTP request in addition to $100$K cycles per request byte and per `max_response_bytes` byte. Because of the fixed cost and the overhead of HTTP requests including headers, it is advantageous to make fewer larger requests to retrieve the same amount of information than with more smaller requests, if this is feasible from the application perspective. The cycles provided with the call must be sufficient for covering the cost, remaining cycles are returned to the caller.
The current pricing is defined to be very conservative (expensive) and prices are likely to change to the cheaper with the introduction of an update of the pricing model.

### Errors

There are a number of error cases that can happen when using this feature. The most prominent ones are listed next.

> * FIX: list

Author: @qj-yu : Thanks, have included this in the documentation.

> * FIX: list

Reviewer 2: Maybe we should also mention what to do if you encounter them

> # Technology Overview — How Canister HTTP Outcalls Work

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Technology Overview — How Canister HTTPS Outcalls Work
```
If you search for 'HTTP ' (including space) you should find all instances of HTTP without an S

* *IPv4 support:* IPv4 support would help canisters reach servers that are not available on IPv6, but IPv4 only.
* *Reduced quorum:* A canister can define that a reduced quorum should be used for a request, e.g., only $1$ replica of the subnet making the request instead of all $n$ replicas. This trivially helps resolve the idempotency problem with `POST` requests. It may also be interesting for making reads where trust does not matter, but where we want to reduce the request amplification instead, e.g., because of quotas the server has in place.

## Coding HTTPS Outcalls

> We next provide important information for engineers who want to use canister HTTP requests in their smart contracts. Using canister HTTP requests is somewhat harder than doing HTTP requests in a regular enterprise application as we need to consider aspects like responses going through consensus and idempotency of `POST` requests. We also refer the reader to the API definition of the feature in [The Internet Computer Interface Specification](https://internetcomputer.org/docs/current/references/ic-interface-spec/#ic-method-http_request)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We next provide important information for engineers who want to use canister HTTP requests in their smart contracts. Using canister HTTP requests is somewhat harder than doing HTTP requests in a regular enterprise application as we need to consider aspects like responses going through consensus and idempotency of `POST` requests. We also refer the reader to the API definition of the feature in [The Internet Computer Interface Specification](../../../references/ic-interface-spec/#ic-method-http_request)
```
relative links get checked if they are actually working

* Determine the maximum response size of the server's response for this type of request to populate the `max_response_bytes` parameter with it. This often works well for API calls and is important to not overcharge the requesting canister in terms of cycles. The `HEAD` request type can be used to do this if responses change dynamically in response size considerably.
* Implement the request and try it out in the local SDK environment. However, note that the behaviour of the local environment does not reflect that of the IC as there is only one replica in the local environment and $n$, e.g., $n=13$, replicas on an IC subnet.

:::tip Pro tip

> Do not forget to consider response headers when identifying the variable parts of your response because headers sometimes contain variable items such as timestamps which may prevent the responses to go through consensus.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do not forget to consider response headers when identifying the variable parts of your response because headers sometimes contain variable items such as timestamps which may prevent the responses from passing through consensus.
```

* The transformation function is faster to compute, that is, the function (query) is executing with fewer CPU cycles. Note that queries are likely to be charged for in the future.
* The transformation function is easier to implement, e.g., through a simple or few Json operations on the response body.

### Errors and Debugging

There are a number of error cases that can happen when using this feature. The most important ones are listed next.
* *SysFatal - Url needs to specify https scheme:* The feature currently only allows for HTTPS connections and HTTP leads to an error.
* *SysFatal - Timeout expired:* Requests are timed out if not fulfilled within the timeout period. One important instance when this happens is when there are not sufficiently many equal responses to achieve consensus.

> * *SysTransient - Failed to connect: error trying to connect: tcp connect error: Connection refused (os error 111):* This error indicates that a TCP connection could not have been established.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *SysTransient - Failed to connect: error trying to connect: tcp connect error: Connection refused (os error 111):* This error indicates that a TCP connection could not be established with the other server.
```

* *CanisterReject - http_request request sent with 0 cycles, but ... cycles are required:* At least the required amount of cycles need to be sent with the request in order to it getting fulfilled by the subnet.
* *CanisterReject - max_response_bytes expected to be in the range [0..2097152], got ...:* This error indicates that the network response received from the server was too large. This happens if the response size is underestimated and the `max_response_bytes` value set too low.
* *SysFatal - Transformed http response exceeds limit: 2045952:* This error indicates that the limit for the transformed response size was hit. This is currently a hard limit of the HTTPS outcalls functionality.

> Developers new to the feature are likely to run into certain problems in the beginning, materializing in one of the errors. We list the issues we think are the most prominent when starting with this feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Developers new to the feature are likely to run into certain problems in the beginning, materializing in one of the above errors. We list the issues we think are the most prominent when starting with this feature.
```

Author: There was another suggestion that was accepted.

> Developers new to the feature are likely to run into certain problems in the beginning, materializing in one of the errors. We list the issues we think are the most prominent when starting with this feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Developers new to the feature are likely to run into certain problems in the beginning, materializing in one of the following errors. We list the issues we think are the most prominent when starting with this feature.
```
